Document response stream chunk delimiter. (#632)
jmorganca/ollama: docs/api.md

All durations are returned in nanoseconds.

> ### Progress responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Streaming responses
```

> Ollama streams progress responses for some of the endpoints. The progress response chunks are delineated with new-line (`\n`) delimiter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ollama streams progress responses for certain endpoints. Streaming responses are returned as JSON objects delineated with the newline (`\n`) character.
```

> Ollama streams progress responses for certain endpoints. Streaming responses are returned as JSON objects delineated with the newline (`\n`) character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain endpoints stream responses as JSON objects delineated with the newline (`\n`) character.
```
